Update guidelines (#496)
FerretDB/FerretDB: CONTRIBUTING.md

git remote add upstream https://github.com/FerretDB/FerretDB.git
```

> ### Run

Reviewer: (unless you mean https://youtu.be/FKYOWRJcJ2w?t=130)

> ### Run

Author: changed to previous.

> You should first install the [`task`](https://taskfile.dev/) tool to run development commands.

Author: That was the change recommended by grammarly. Changed to previous.

You can do this by changing the directory to `tools` (`cd tools`) and running `go generate -x`.
That will install `task` into the `bin` directory (`bin/task` on Linux and macOS, `bin\task.exe` on Windows).
You can then add `./bin` to `$PATH` either manually (`export PATH=./bin:$PATH` in `bash`) or using something like (`direnv` (`.envrc` files)[https://direnv.net], or replace every invocation of `task` with explicit `bin/task`.
You can also [install `task` globally](https://taskfile.dev/#/installation), but that might lead to the version skew.

With `task` installed, you may run:

> * `task init` to install development tools.

Author: Changed.  
Thank you for a reminder that it might be helpful to have a sequenced guideline for new people. 
For me, that were options to use, a set of instruments.

> 

Reviewer: [Markdown list](https://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/syntax#list) should not have empty lines between items; it is both feels wrong for the reader of the raw text, and also renders worse on GitHub:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11512/165056494-fc6f2d84-90d4-4579-beec-edd44a78e0a0.png)

Author: I checked it on Markdown linter and previewer locally and didn't find that wrong since it was more comfortable for me to read text when lines separated it.

* `task env-up` to set up the development environment.
`task env-up` will start PostgreSQL and MongoDB containers, filling them with identical datasets.

* `task test` to run all tests in another terminal window.

* `task run` to start FerretDB in a development mode.
In the development mode, FerretDB not only handles all requests but also routes them to MongoDB and logs the differences in response.

* `task mongosh` to run `mongosh` to run commands against FerretDB.

> * `task fmt` to format source code.

Reviewer: What is missing there, as we discussed on the call, is the mention that there is the right time to change the source code. Steps before are about preparing for it, and steps after are about preparing for making a pull request.

Author: Added step "change the code" - it was apparent that it happened somewhere here.

### Setting up the development environment

In the CI there are checks that new code complies the imports sorted convention
and that the code is gofmt-ed. To avoid failing PR checks, please setup your beloved text editor
to gofmt files before push. Here provided some setup guides for VScode and Goland.
You can also execute each time `task fmt lint` or project -> fmt functions of the text editor.

> After you edited *.md files, please run `task docs-fmt` to comply with <https://sembr.org>.

Reviewer: Unfortunately, we don’t have a linter for that yet; see #396

### Setting up the development environment

> In the CI there are checks that new code complies the imports sorted convention and that the code is gofmt-ed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the CI there are checks that new code complies with the imports sorting convention and that the code is gofmt-ed.
```

### Setting up the development environment

> In the github-actions there are checks that new code complies the imports sorted convention

Reviewer: "github-actions" is a repository name. You probably mean "CI" there.

Author: fixed

> and that the code is gofmt-ed. To avoid failing PR checks, please setup your beloved text editor

Reviewer: https://sembr.org

Author: fixed, added to the guideline.

Reviewer: I’m pretty sure we still break rule 4 of it. Please use one sentence per line in all markdown files except the changelog. See also #396

Author: than you. Fixed sembr also for the `processes.md` file. Added pre-hook commit example.

> to gofmt files before push. Here provided some setup guides for VScode and Goland.

Reviewer: Might it be easier to just recommend `task fmt lint`?

Author: I suggest giving several solutions that fits different people. 
With manual runs the risk of human factor "forgot to run" is higher.

Author: Also added `task fmt lint` to the guideline)
